UGORE
ο It seems that you bring life from regrets to backgrounds,
But I,這種, evenAYo don't know well,
I pray for your good health.
I think it's a story.
I'm not sure if it's true.
I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.
It's a shame you're unable to return
Even when your family is ill.
Even then, there will be a luego.
And if you so wish,
I won't travel so far from here from Suchir Lie.
respective favor
This club is the allerso of Whatomagayama clan.
Just like the
insular
Myお Fantaisie, I and I don't think I'm華 Ellion
You're my work in rubber
My 13?"
Immersed in the oasis
The
king Including
too many died...
It's N largestatt and Bobern's conditions,
forward them!
Thank you for watching!